[Silence.]
Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the Sons of the Pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, it's Raymond Burr, known to millions as Perry Mason.
I've asked him to take our case to the people.
Ladies and gentlemen, if just once you had to work side by side with desperate firefighters, feeling the relentless heat, choking up with smoke, knowing the panic that the flaming monster forest fire sometimes sets up in a man,
Why, then I'm sure you'd think twice about flipping a lighted match or cigarette into dry grass or leaves.
If just once you had to walk the silent, desolate trail that is any trail through the black and gray dust of burned-over land, if you could see the pathetic remains of wild birds, of squirrels and rabbits and sometimes deer that couldn't run quite fast enough, well, then I think you would be very careful with your campfire, with any outdoor fire.
Dried stream beds, eroded soil, dead and dying trees.
These are the price of human carelessness and thoughtlessness.
Ladies and gentlemen, these things I know.
Because long before I became Perry Mason, I fought many fires in the forests of the Northwest.
And believe me, fire uncontrolled is an awful thing.
Thank you, sir.
Smokey, there's no doubt Mr. Burr has the feel of the outdoors, so we're sure he'll like the song about the land beyond the sun.
Every day the skies are blue And the grazing's good there too. It's a way off in that land beyond the sun.
Where the cool, clear waters flow And the tumbleweeds don't blow, Gonna rest there when the last big roundup's gone.
When I lay me down at night and the prairie stars are bright on the end of the land beyond the sun.
Come on, old horse, you're kind of dragging.
I know you're tired, but so am I. The road is long and it's uphill, too, but we're gonna make it, boy, and that's for true.
We gotta keep moving till our work's all done, and we'll head into the land beyond the sun.
Al and me, we ought to be there about sundown.
When the big boss counts the cowpokes one by one.
They've all hit the glory trail.
But I'll join them without fail when I head into that land beyond the sun.
Well, that's it for now, folks, and thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own State Forestry Department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
This is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear,
Prowlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
[Music.]